Add alert for path style configuration on hive (#2887)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/integrations/hive.md

</configuration>
```

**Note**

> In this example we set `fs.s3a.path.style.access` in order to remove the need to set up DNS for [virtual hosting](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/VirtualHosting.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we set `fs.s3a.path.style.access` to true,  in order to remove the need of additional DNS records for [virtual hosting](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/VirtualHosting.html)
```
